# durhack_2022

**Durhack 19/02/2022 -  20/02/2022**

### Libraries in use

* Java
    - json-simple-1.1.1


* Python
    * csv
    * matplotlib.pyplot
    * sklearn
    * json

## Description

* Results of the analysis were included in `Presentation.pptx`.
* Two .png figures under the `analyse/res` represent performance quality of an athlete against number of participation, which can be generated by running python script `analyse/PlotPerformanceScatter.py`; `analyse/TotalMedalsPerCountry.java` gives % of metals gained by each Olympiad team.



**For more information, refer to our submitted project website https://devpost.com/software/durhack_2022_olympics_dataanalysis**

## Inspiration

Just for fun and find something new to learn from the scratch

## What it does

### Metal Analysis

* How home country affects the performance of athletes
* General trends in the metal number
* The country which improved the most performance of athletes within
* Correlation between the climate of athlete and his performance
* Does the performance of the athlete improves as he participates more

## How we built it

* Starting from scratch
* Listing some small goals/objectives we can do on the whiteboard
* Discussing different methods of gripping data.

## Challenges we ran into

Honestly, we had some problems with our strategy. In the beginning, what we wanted to do was the challenge of the atom bank, which is to build AVMs (Automated Valuation Models) for residential properties. But then we found out that no matter fetching resources in some real estates websites such as Zoopla and Rightmove, or downloading official resources provided by the government, we are unable to obtain the data information we want.

## Accomplishments that we're proud of

For most of us as first-year students from different courses, it is our first time analysing data and working as a group. We who learn different programming languages, come from different academic backgrounds, learn from each other when working as a group.

## What we learned

* How to fetch API and how to do some simple interface for automating downloading of reports from Google Trends through API and python
* Some useful python, java packages for analysing data.
* Object-Oriented Programming using Java
* ***Most importantly, make use of the amazing software Altryex, although 3 of us use Mac***

## What's next for Durhack_2022_Olympics_dataAnalysis (Mainly learning some AI programming)

* Predict the performance of athletes from different countries all over the world,
* Predict which country will win the most medals
* Predict how the total number of gold medals won by different national teams
* Predict how the world rankings will change in the next few years.
